Added New tutorials for Linea (#927)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/learn/voting-dapp/voting-dapp.mdx

> Blockchain and web3 have changed our understanding of transparency, trust and decentralization. One of the most incredible use-case for this technology is the development of web3 dApps(Decentralized Applications) that offers solutions that are secure, verifiable and tamper-proof solutions to our everyday challenges. Among all the use-cases, decentralized voting stands out. Decentralized technologies remove middlemen and ensure transparent vote counts, this voting dApp has the potential to change governance system while enhancing the democratic process.

Reviewer: This needs front matter, similar to the content I added in a comment on the other guide, and to match the standard format for the repo

> Blockchain and web3 have changed our understanding of transparency, trust and decentralization. One of the most incredible use-case for this technology is the development of web3 dApps(Decentralized Applications) that offers solutions that are secure, verifiable and tamper-proof solutions to our everyday challenges. Among all the use-cases, decentralized voting stands out. Decentralized technologies remove middlemen and ensure transparent vote counts, this voting dApp has the potential to change governance system while enhancing the democratic process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blockchain and web3 have changed our understanding of transparency, trust and decentralization. Dapps (decentralized applications) offer secure, verifiable, and tamper-proof solutions to our everyday challenges. Decentralized voting is one such use case, where these technologies remove middlemen and ensure transparent vote counts, introducing a new, democratic governance paradigm.
```

You can probably trim this down considerably — above is my suggestion.

> In this tutorial, we will build a simple voting dapp on linea, a zkEVM layer 2 blockchain solution. You will learn how to write, deploy and interact with a smart contract which is designed for decentralized voting process. By the end of this tutorial, you’ll have the solid understanding of the tools and features provided by linea for decentralized applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will build a simple voting dapp. You will learn how to write, deploy and interact with a smart contract designed for decentralized voting process. By the end of this tutorial, you’ll have a solid understanding of the tools and features provided by Linea for decentralized applications. 
```

> 

Reviewer: unnecessary lines here

## Architecture

> The voting dApp has three main components: smart contracts, smart contracts integration and the frontend interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The voting dapp has three main components: smart contracts, smart contracts integration and the frontend interface.
```

Please use `dapp` throughout.

"smart contracts integration" also needs some attention but I'm not entirely clear what you're referring to, so unsure what to suggest. What does this statement mean?

> The smart contract is one of the main component of the application. This can handle critical functionalities such as registering candidates, allowing users to give their votes based on candidates index numbers, enforcing a one vote per wallet address policy and managing voting period by automatically closing the voting period after a specified duration. The smart contract makes sure that the voting process is secure, transparent and tamper-proof by recording all votes on the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The smart contract is one of the main components of the application. This can handle critical functionalities such as registering candidates, allowing users to give their votes based on candidates index numbers, enforcing a one-vote-per-wallet-address policy and managing voting period by automatically closing it after a specified duration. The smart contract makes sure that the voting process is secure, transparent, and tamper-proof by recording all votes on the blockchain.
```

Above in line 9 you referenced smart contract**s**, in the plural, but here we talk. about a single one -- which is it?

The frontend interface is the user-facing part of the application where users will be able to interact and cast their votes by inputting the candidate index number. It also can show the information about remaining time period. By offering a clear and responsive design, it encourages user participation and trust in the voting process.

To ensure smooth interaction with the Linea blockchain, we'll utilize the MetaMask SDK along with libraries like Wagmi and connect through Infura RPC providers. These tools allow the frontend to communicate with the blockchain, enabling users to sign transactions and interact with the smart contracts directly from their web browsers. This integration is crucial for maintaining the decentralized nature of the application while providing a user-friendly experience.

> ### Setting Up the Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up the environment
```

Titles should use imperative verb forms, e.g. "Set up" rather than "setting up"

## Error Handling and Validation

- **Input Validation**:
    - Ensures the candidate index entered is a valid number within the acceptable range.
- **Error Messages**:
    - Uses `console.error` to log meaningful error messages for debugging purposes.
- **User Feedback**:
    - Provides real-time feedback to the user based on their actions and the application's state.

View full code here: https://github.com/meowyx/simple-voting-dapp

### Run the Development Server

```bash
npm run dev

```

Your Next.js application with Shadcn UI should now be running at `http://localhost:3000`.

Now, you have a decentralized voting dApp where users can vote for the candidates by using their index number. These votes are secure, transparent and recorded on Linea blockchain.

> In this tutorial, we built a simple decentralized voting application on Linea, while  leveraging zkEVM technology for scalability, security, and cost efficiency. We covered everything from setting up the environment by using the CLI to writing and deploying smart contracts, and integrating the frontend with Next.js and Shadcn UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we built a simple decentralized voting application on Linea, while leveraging zkEVM technology for scalability, security, and cost efficiency. We covered everything from setting up the environment by using the CLI to writing and deploying smart contracts, and integrating the frontend with Next.js and Shadcn UI.
```
